For my final project for WATS1020, I plan on creating a Wikia/Wikimedia style wiki page using different libraries including Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, and possibly JSON..  I will create a few interconnected pages on the same subject like notable presidents/innovators or mountains in the same range or something similar.  I would keep it grounded in reality so as to incorporate use of leaflet maps and JSON if possible to pull real world data from some source and display real life points of interest on a satellite map with roads.  

I plan on recreating some of the basic functionality of a wiki site, including a talk page, random article buttons, jQuery tables, infoboxes, tables of contents with smooth scrolling, and a login to edit function.  Making the entire page editable might be a hazard so I would likely incorporate multiple buttons with the content-editable attribute and see if I can make the changes stick.  Working out the server-side storage seems like it could be interesting.  Other goals might be to incorporate a search function, download as pdf, and a “pages that link here” function, though those would be quite stretchy goals.  

With this project, my goal is to wind up with a product that looks similar to existing Wikia/Wikimedia sites while maintaining unique features and functionality.  Maintaining a similar readability while introducing distinct traits to the site is paramount, particularly when it comes to the mobile version.  I learned that bootstrap already helps with the readability on mobile sites from the leaflet project, but making sure that I get the menus and sidebars and everything on track might be something bootstrap can’t do by itself, so I will have to do some research on how other sites maintain readability across devices.
